Well, the ward on his left ear, but now he didn't climb so low down.
Oh, my poor old changaroos learned the battle of no cliff fell.
For the brown bulldog, he fought long and prayed.
All the ends are on a strike, they're blazing Saturday night.
They are weeping, oh, my changaroos are straight.
Some old Thomas Kess, a flirt with a chicken bullet, that's the game.
He'll never grow again, wink his eye at some old hen.
He's a masher and his maiden name was Jake.
All the hens are on a strike, they haven't laid since Saturday night.
They are weeping over my Shanghai rooster's grave.
Oh, his comb was like an axe, his teeth was like a pus.
His nester and his maiden name were Jake.
All the hens are on a strike, them late since Saturday night.
They are weeping, oh my thing, our roots were gray.